Good morning, family.
How are you all doing?
I have a hard word to give today, and I ask you to be patient with me here.
You know, as a prophet, you see things in the future.
Refiner's Fire, you know?
And I want to say this to you all: I take this very seriously, and the pressure and the weight of it is a lot whenever the Lord visits you like He does.
When Jesus comes and visits you and you go through that Refiner's Fire that I've always talked to you all about, it changes you.
In that process of that Refiner's Fire, you lose yourself and everything else around you doesn't really matter anymore—money, fame, whatever.
I do it all for Him.
The whole thing is out of compassion and love for Jesus; nothing else matters to me.
A lot of people are focused on validation here and what money they can have, what big house, what big car, what TV program, whatever.
But when you sit at the feet of Jesus and you intercede for people that are broken, and you feel the heart of God, you go into the rivers like I'm talking about and you're by yourself.
You feel like you have friends and they abandoned you, and all you have is just your wife and your kids—and that's all you really need.
Maybe you're alone or whatever; then there's Jesus.
In those times of praying for people, He comes and brings a person to you in the spirit realm, and you see them, and then you pick them up and intercede for them and love on them in the spirit, and they don't even know that you're doing it.
I'll pass people on the road and I'll see a spirit of suicide or whatever on that individual, and I'll just break down and sob and weep for them and intercede for them for hours.
I don't even know that individual; all I know is I see pain, and the Lord will say, 'You need to pray.
' When you get compassion for the lost, you start feeling His heartbeat for people; it changes you.
In the last two days, He visited me again in the spirit and He started talking to me.
Like I told you all, I weep for humanity for Him.
I hope the Holy Spirit can get through this.
You see what's coming in intercessory prayer; He tells you the weight of it.
The plague tells you the responsibility of what's coming.
Yesterday was a very intense day for me.
I was praying for a pastor and interceding for some friends.
For two days in a row now, He's been downloading stuff for me.
I was driving down the road and I was just interceding, in deep intercession like I do when I'm driving around, and all of a sudden the Lord opened my eyes and He said to me, 'I'm going to show you some things.
' I looked out and I was looking at a grocery store, and I was actually in the grocery store but He took me to the future and I saw this massive tent in the grocery store parking lot.
There were white cots all in the parking lot of this grocery store.
Literally, I would say there were probably a thousand cots, but they were all military-style cots, and they were white-looking.
On these cots, there were bodies.
I saw an IV sitting beside the body and I saw the person with the sheet over the top of their head; all these bodies were in this grocery store parking lot.
Then He took me to the hospital, and all the hospitals were completely full.
There was no room, and there were military-style camps all around the city.
Then I saw nurses and doctors that were military trying to take care of these people, and there was nothing they could do for them; they were just comforting them because they were going to die.
In the spirit, I saw a yellow fog that was high around those people, and it was pestilence.
It was a plague, and that was what the Lord was showing me—it was waist-high and it was coming out.
It was an airborne virus, and I saw it at the base of them all there.
Then the Lord took me and I saw a complete shutdown of society beyond anything you can comprehend, even worse than 2020.
If you thought 2020 was bad, this makes that look like child's play.
This is on steroids, beyond anything you can comprehend.
We as a nation, as a generation, have never seen this before.
The Lord said what is about to happen has not happened for hundreds and hundreds of years.
He told me it would be a type and shadow of the Black Death in the 1300s.
I saw nobody able to do work in factories, nobody able to work and make money of any kind.
It was a complete shutdown worldwide.
No grocery stores were able to be opened; it was like essentials only, but people were so scared of this thing that there was no movement of humanity.
If you got it, you weren't here anymore.
There was no antidote for your arm—nothing.
There was nothing to stop it.
Anybody who contracted this thing was gone.
Then I saw 350 million worldwide, then I saw thirty million over the United States.
The Lord warned me about the terrible things that would happen here.
I was shown all paper currency was completely done away with because people were afraid to touch it; it was more of a digital platform.
I saw an implementation even more because of being afraid to touch it.
I saw mega-churches completely shut down, a complete melting of a financial structure beyond anybody's comprehension that we've never seen before.
We thought 2020 was bad; this was far more than anything I can tell you.
The people passing away, like I said, had white sheets over them, and it was very heavy.
The Lord showed me a massive hurricane again, but it was not a real, actual hurricane; it was in the spirit realm.
He said, 'Son, the very beginning of the bands are just starting to touch.
' In the spirit realm, it was a massive hurricane, and He said the eye of the storm is way out there.
From what you're seeing even as of today, we may be thinking it's turbulent times in the natural with all the stuff we see going on in the world—with rioting and all this stuff—but it was just the outer bands.
Even through 2020, it was just the beginning; the bands were just coming on the shore of the world.
We hadn't even got to the eye of the storm; it was not even making landfall yet.
The great winds weren't even here yet; it was just barely the streaks like you would see on the radar on TV.
He told me this will be more than just this in the future.
I saw stadiums—when the financial system crashes again, He said there will be a financial crash, plague, economic turmoil worldwide, a new digital dollar, a new everything.
Then I was asking Him—please help me, Holy Spirit, I don't want to skip around—He showed me, like I said, when they have big football games and baseball, people won't even be able to afford to pay to get into those stadiums.
They won't have enough finances; those people are all broke.
But this is some hope I want to tell you: after I saw all the cots and all the spirit realm stuff, I saw people—men and women of God—dressed in white.
The men had white suits on in the spirit realm with white ties, white shirts, white slacks, and white shoes.
Outside of them was a glowing look, like honey—the honey was saturating them—and there was a light that shined outside of them that went about three feet.
The glory of the Lord was so present on these individuals, and the Lord said, 'This will be the remnant that rises up, and there will be a supernatural covering over them when this stuff happens.
' I saw a glory glow all over these remnant people, and when this plague tries to get on them, it died because of the honey glow.
The honey glow ate that smog that I told you was waist-high.
The smog would try to penetrate the honey glow, and it would kill it.
The glory of the Lord—He said this to me: 'For what is coming, son, you will not survive it if you do not have an understanding of the power of the name of the revelation of Jesus.
' He said the people who are going to walk in this honey glow will have a revelation of the glory and the power of the Lord inside of them and a revelation of the Covenant—revelation knowledge, not just saying it out of your mouth.
He said it would be a rhema word.
He said, 'If you're waiting until this happens—which is why I'm telling you to tell my people to get in the Word and teach my people to pray—if they wait until this is coming at their door, it will be too late.
' This is going to be a development right now, very fast.
You've got to take this seriously; this is not something that you can just halfway do.
This is going to have to become your breath: listening and following the leading of the voice of the Lord for your life.
I saw massive cities—terrible.
I saw rural land food crises.
Rural land, country people moving, trying to just get whatever they could to get away from what's going to happen.
They wanted to be out in the country, away from everybody.
I saw them doing gardens because people were desperate for food.
People were scared to bring the trucks to the places.
The government had to step in with crappy food and try to help people with rationing.
They were trying to feed the people, rationing, trying to take care of everybody the best they could, but it wasn't good food.
It was like Spam—nasty food, like MREs, instant meals—trying to get people food in towns and major cities because of people not being able to deliver the food and factories being shut down.
Life as you know it will change even more.
But like I said, I'm going back to the glorious church.
I saw the glory on these people, this liquid honey, and they were praying for the people who were on those cots, and the power of God was healing those bodies right there.
The power of God was raising them up.
That remnant of people, the glorious church, rose up in this persecution and started praying for the sick, and they started recovering.
I saw a mass move of God in darkness.
This is what I was trying to tell you: arise and shine, for your light has come and the glory of the Lord is going to rise upon you.
For gross darkness is covering the earth and gross darkness the people.
It was a gross darkness.
People say, 'Why is this happening?
Why is all this going on?
' This is where I want to say: we are focused on the fruit.
Everybody's looking at the fruit of what's going on in society—the sin, the compromise, the brainwashing that the media tries to do, all the drama, always trying to go ungodly ways.
We're trying to change the fruit, but the Lord showed me it's not the fruit that needs to be changed.
You're praying for the fruit to change, but it is the root that needs to be changed.
The root is what's deep down in the soil of humanity and where we are as a nation.
When the root is changed, the tree, the bush, or the plant displays the new fruit.
We're trying to attack the fruit, but you have to change the root.
When you change the root, you'll get new fruit.
The problem the Lord was showing me is as we preach a compromising gospel, we're not teaching people about the name and the power of the blood of Jesus anymore.
We're not teaching repentance and holiness.
We teach a lukewarm grace message, and people are so caught up in grace that the very thing they say they got saved from, they're going back to.
You say, 'I'm a born-again Christian,' but the very thing you say you got born again from, you're going back to, saying it's okay to live in that lifestyle because grace covers it.
There's no holiness.
Until there's a repentance, a turning around unto God and holiness preaching in the pulpits, there will be a great shifting like you've never seen before.
There's a great Refiner's Fire coming in this world.
You may not like what I'm going to say, but the lifting of the hand...
because where sin abounds, grace does much more abound, but at the same time, the wages of sin is death.
God is a holy God.
When I told you I went into the throne in one of my visitations, I saw the light.
It was everything I could do in front of a holy God other than just to cry out, 'God, I repent of all my sins.
' I felt that light would burn me up because of how holy and righteous and amazing He really is.
There is no sin or compromising in God.
He is a truth-loving God, but God is not tolerant of sin and unholiness and filth.
Yes, His Son covered us in His blood, but His church is living in compromise.
They're living ungodly lifestyles.
Like I said, you say you got saved, but the thing you were so excited to be saved from, you're going back to, and still saying you're saved.
You can't do that.
Every single scripture, even when Paul was writing to the church in Ephesus, he was warning them.
If he wouldn't have been talking to them about a compromising church living in sin—if you're in adultery, fornication, all these things he named off—he was not talking to the world; of course they're living in ungodliness.
He was talking to the church, and he said if you're living that way, you will not inherit the kingdom of God.
He was warning them then; he talks about it in Ephesians and Acts.
Even Jesus says, 'You prophesied in my name, you laid hands on the sick in my name.
' These are believers; you have to have a little bit of faith inside of you to lay hands on people and cast out devils.
These are season believers—you don't see baby Christians going around casting devils out or raising the dead.
Those are seasoned believers, and He said, 'Depart from me; I never knew you.
' Do you understand what I'm trying to say?
Those are people who have started living in compromise again.
You're working in the Holy Ghost and walking in healing miracles, but you don't have a relationship with Him.
He doesn't know you.
So the Lord is trying to warn His body right now.
There's a great shaking coming, a great shifting coming, but the only way you're going to get through this is understanding the power and the authority of the name of Jesus.
People ask me in the comment section all the time, 'What do I need to do?
What do I have to have to supply for myself?
' There are four basic needs that you need to understand: what is real food, what is real money, what is real need, and what is real energy?
If we were to lose power for a couple of weeks, all your meat is going to go bad if you don't have a way to back it up—all your milk, all your perishables.
How could you survive if you had no power?
You need to think about that.
If what I'm telling you happens and there are no food trucks for a time, if this happens like I'm saying—God forbid, I pray it doesn't; it really grieves me a lot because it's very heavy—but I'm here to warn you.
It's like the Lord told me, 'Brandon, when a general dies in the army in a great war, does that general's task cease to exist, or do you have to raise up another general to achieve victory?
' I said, 'Yes.
' He said, 'That's what's happening.
' There's going to be a shifting of old generals going home and new ones coming up.
It doesn't mean the job is finished; it means there's a new person to come and finish the task.
It's time for people to rise up in the positions God has called them to because there are serious days ahead.
God's bringing forth new Davids, new platforms, people you don't even know, and you're going to say, 'Who are these?
Where did they come from?
' Kind of like me, the janitor that's been cleaning for years, just seeking Him in my own little world, in my little private time in my 'Glory Dome.
' Yeah, I have my issues; we have stuff we overcome.
The Refiner's Fire has been intense on my life, but I can tell you I've had some very precious times with the Father sitting at His feet.
I try to tell you: have you sat at the feet of Jesus today?
He misses you.
People have no idea how much He loves you.
But in this shifting, walking in holiness is like an umbrella.
When the umbrella is lifted, it's what protects people from the rain.
When you're walking in holiness, there's an umbrella of covering.
The more sin and dirtiness comes in—abortions, trash—the wages of sin causes a gap, and the enemy comes in more and more with his garbage.
Compromise comes in, and it opens doors for the devil to rob you.
When you walk in compromise, you can be oppressed by demonic spirits if you open doors through pornography and all this stuff.
So you need a resource.
What is real money?
Say the banks are all closed and you don't have a means to get in because the electric grid is down.
That means all digital platform money is locked up.
You can't use your card or ATM.
How do you pay for those things?
I'm not a financial advisor, but if you have things to barter with—actual gold, silver, maybe some cash on hand, maybe some pew pew shells, food, something...
because the body of Christ can be the salt of the earth right now.
I'm trying to paint a picture for you all to think differently.
Maybe you have a bag of rice or beans and you're able to help someone get a meal in their stomach to get through the next day.
I don't know—canned tuna or whatever.
What's real energy?
If you don't have power or a way to see at night, and it's completely dark or 13 below zero up north and the power grid goes out, what would you do?
Most people in the city can't save a lot of gasoline; it's against the law to put big containers of gas in your neighborhood.
But if you live in the country, maybe you can get 50 gallons in a drum with some stabilizer and replenish it.
Be proactive instead of reactive.
Maybe get a little wood-burning stove where you can run a pipe out the window to keep from freezing.
Maybe get a generator that runs on different fuels or a solar power thing.
Study things out.
What is a real energy source?
What's a true need?
What is life and death to you?
Women need feminine hygiene stuff.
You need toothpaste, deodorant, soap to wash your body.
You need a source of water.
The Lord has really put it on my heart about water and drought.
If the water is tainted or poisoned, what would you do?
Three days without water and you're gone.
Get some bottled water or gallons.
It's not about fear.
People in Arizona's needs are different from Florida or Arkansas.
This is the time to seek Him for your life.
People ask me, 'Brandon, what do I need to get?
' I don't know where you live!
It's going to be different everywhere.
If you say, 'I have an issue with alcohol, cigarettes, pornography, or anger,' and you start attacking the fruit of the issue, you need to go back to the root.
Why am I doing this?
What's the root cause in my heart, soul, mind, will, and emotions that's causing the fruit?
You might backbite or be a gossip, and you're always praying for the fruit, but you need to go back to the root.
See what you're really feeling—the insecurities or addictions.
That's what you need to fix so that your fruit changes.
The problem is the root of America, not the fruit.
The problem is the root of the household—why do you keep getting divorce after divorce?
What's the root cause, the Brokenness inside you?
How do you fix the root inside of you to get a different fruit?
I'm not trying to poke at you, but everyone wants to know how to fix their situations.
The only way to do that is to fix you inside, and the only way to do that is the Word.
That's really what I have for you all today.
Let's pray.
Father, I just thank You right now in the name of Jesus for this word.
I thank You, Father, that You are giving them wisdom.
Revelation knowledge will flow freely into their minds, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I plead the blood of Jesus Christ over their minds right now.
We bind the spirit of fear; perfect love casts out all fear.
We rise up with who we are supposed to be in these last days, walking in the victory of the power of the name of Jesus and our Covenant.
Greater is He that is in us than he that is in the world, and we will not fear death, for to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
Father, I thank You that we have wisdom and revelation on what to do for our families, whether to be relocated or to stay.
If we are to stay, show us what we need to get for our families.
Give us wisdom so that we're not moved out of emotion or fear.
Be led, filled with, and controlled by the Holy Ghost in these last days.
We do not rush out and do things immediately, but we yield ourselves to You, Holy Ghost, and say, 'What is Your agenda for my life?
' Show me.
You are my great Way Maker, the Planner, my Advocate, my Comforter, my Standby—You are everything to me.
You're the pilot, and I'm in the backseat letting You steer my life.
I thank You, Father, that You've given us the mind of Christ.
We tap into that mind of Christ right now.
We thank You, Lord, that we will hear Your voice, and a strange voice we will not follow.
I thank You, Lord, that You tell us if we need to get medicines or prescriptions.
I pray a spirit of peace, for You said, 'Peace I leave with you; my peace I give to you.
' We operate in that peace.
Even with hard words, we are not moved by emotion or flesh; we're moved by the love of God.
I thank You, Lord, that Your love is never failing.
It's overflowing for the people who turn and repent from their wicked ways.
Just like You said with Jonah, we repent and we turn from our wicked ways.
For You said, 'If my people, who are called by my name, will humble themselves and pray and turn from their wicked ways, then they will hear from heaven and I will heal their land.
' So Father, we repent, we get our hearts right before You, we turn from our wicked ways, and we humble ourselves.
I thank You, Lord, for Your love and compassion, and that You lead and guide us into all truth and knowledge.
In the name of Jesus, Father, we take authority over sickness and disease, over viruses, over plagues, over diabetes, cancers, heart disease, and glaucoma.
Everything we need was provided by the stripes on Your back.
You became sickness for us; You were wounded for us.
You did it all for us, and we receive that redemption right now by faith, through Your grace.
In the mighty name of Jesus, and everyone say, 'Amen.
' So that's what I have for you all today.
I just want to say thank you for watching, for the likes and contributions.
My family truly appreciates it; it means so much to us.
Thank you from the bottom of my heart for the support and love.
Put a smile on your face and a song on your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
Have a blessed day, everybody.
Bye-bye.